docs: add constraint about channel address to not use query params and… (#986)
asyncapi/spec: spec/asyncapi.md

Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---

> <a name="channelObjectAddress"></a>address | `string` \| `null` | An optional string representation of this channel's address. The address is typically the "topic name", "routing key", "event type", or "path". When `null` or absent, it MUST be interpreted as unknown. This is useful when the address is generated dynamically at runtime or can't be known upfront. It MAY contain [Channel Address Expressions](#channelAddressExpressions). Query parameters and fragments SHALL NOT be used, instead use [bindings](#channelBindingsObject) to define them.

Reviewer: What about this instead?

```suggestion
<a name="channelObjectAddress"></a>address | `string` \| `null` | An optional string representation of this channel's address. The address is typically the "topic name", "routing key", "event type", or "path". When `null` or absent, it MUST be interpreted as unknown. This is useful when the address is generated dynamically at runtime or can't be known upfront. It MAY contain [Channel Address Expressions](#channelAddressExpressions). HTTP query parameters and fragments SHALL NOT be used, instead use the [HTTP binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/http#operation-binding-object) in the operations to define them.
```

Author: I copied the same sentence with had in v2
thing is that it is not only about HTTP, Websocket also have query params, and you never know what else might pop up in future, so I don't think we should be that specific as you propose

Reviewer: WebSocket doesn't have query params. It's the HTTP endpoint you have to reach for protocol upgrade. That's why I'm being specific.

Author: you establish connection over HTTP, yes, but in AsyncAPI document you do not define separate server with HTTP protocol and binding. You specify server with websocket protocol and websocket binding https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/next-major-spec/websockets#channel-binding-object

Reviewer: You're right 👍 Ok, so let's not be that specific then. Even though, WS binding properties are about HTTP but that's fine.
